# Totally Awesome Random Photo Application
#### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1VPuRTf7CA&t=7s>
#### Description:
This is my application that will generate random photos. This is my first application for IOS. I have been researching the steps since I'm not a CS student until now. I used to be a medical student before I switched to CS/IT. I came up with this application idea due to the fact that I love taking pictures. I have a lot of pictures on my phone. It sounds like a feminine trait but I didn't really bother too much with it. This application will generate different pictures every time the user hit the random button.

#### Coding Process:
Along with the background, it will change color as the picture switch. I have been struggling to make an application for a long time. I gave up on my first course but I've picked it up and doing so well with it. It was complicated at first but I now have more understanding and knowledge about IOS to make this application. I start sizing up the picture to make a spot for it. Then I centralized the picture to make it look in the middle of the application. Next up is to add a button, with the size prefer to be big as possible of course. Then next up was the title. Other features of the application. Right in the left corner of the application. Furthermore, I added system colors to make the background change color every time the photo is randomized. Then I added the tap function to make the button actually work. Then next up I selected the URL for my pictures. It is free to open source that allows the random picture to generate. This feature will let the application generates random picture even though there are no tags for them.

#### Struggles and Improvement:
Example of how the photo generates: When the "Random" button is pressed, it will surprise the user with a random picture until the user stops hitting the button. Using the URL embedded in the code. For improvement as more comes, I want to add a feature that can search using hashtags or names. More directly searching and more linear. I want to add a save feature to help the user save their favorite "Random" picture. The struggle I encountered while making the application is that I worked on this project by myself with no help. I tried to ask around for help but it all lead to a dead end. I was struggling for a little bit. There is a lot of photos that can be generated from nature to city street or animals if the user likes them. All these will come with a feature where the tag for each search, but when the search has been commenced it will generate the most random picture of that tag of the search of the user. It will give more direct searching instead but then that will shut down the idea of "random". Contradicting will give users a faster search for a specific category of the randomized picture. It will be my best application.

#### User's experience:
As for the coding aspect of the application, It started with a coding book for dummies. Didn't know what an obj function or override function was. So I was just bull-raming straight into the coding process to make an application for the first time. This application was my first and my best effort since '98. I wished that I know more about how to code an application than blindly making it. I thought that it was an impossible task to complete but then I fought through the stoppage and made it happens. I was overcome with joy and ecstasy once the application was made. It will give users more joy just by looking at bright-lit mood pictures. I believe it will come in handy as time passes by. Users also can discover random outer space photos while hitting the randomize button. It was the best feature of the application and the only feature in the application. Simplicity is what I've strived for to make the most out of happiness.

#### The beauty of the application:
Elegant as the photo and the background color changed in the most synchronized way possible. I strongly believe that the user will grow into loving this application as it releases to the public in the future. I was amazed by the way it suggested colors for you on SwiftUI, very friendly and easy to learn. With the CGRect to be 300, the picture line up perfectly with the frame that was designated for it. Alongside the scale aspect of it. It was a perfect match for the application. While the color responded correctly to the picture, it is limited on the color it can change. I want to change as to match up with the photo that was randomized. Also, it would be awesome if I learn how to make the background translucent so that the user can view the picture full screen and more joy to the user. The purpose of this application, of course, is to bring joy and peace to the user who uses it.

#### Aspect of the application:
It's giving peacefulness and relaxation. Or it could be used whenever you're bored and have nothing to do and just wanted a little bit of a smile. This is the right application to look for when a situation like that appears. Even though it is not a complicated application but I'm very proud of making it. It was everything I hope for when I made this application. In conclusion, I hope you guys like the application made by me. It is made from SwiftUI. The process was first, to get the image to fit in the scale that it was designated. Then next up is to add an area for the "randomize" button. Then I added the background color and code line to make it switch as the picture switch. Then import the URL that is required for the random picture to function properly. And finally adding the frame for the picture to fit perfectly. That would be the Totally Awesome Random Photo application.
